docs: add missing configurations (#1000)
neicnordic/sensitive-data-archive: sda/cmd/intercept/intercept.md

- `BROKER_QUEUE`: message queue to read messages from (commonly: `from_cega`)
- `BROKER_USER`: username to connect to RabbitMQ
- `BROKER_PASSWORD`: password to connect to RabbitMQ

> - `BROKER_VHOST`= the virtual host of the exchange (i.e., `test`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `BROKER_VHOST`= the virtual host to connect to
```
